Hey folks, in this video series, we're going to build an open platform already built by agents. Well, it became clear from OpenAI's Dev Day yesterday that they see agents as the future, and they want to own it along with Microsoft. We don't think the future of AI should be owned by a closed-source mega-corp.

If you remember from our last video, yeah, we did a previous video series going into why we're doing this. We're going to continue that a lot here. So, we're going to build an open version of an agents’ platform with open models, data sets, open money (Bitcoin), open everything. We've got a little bit of code already done for this.

We have an open-source repo that's AGPL3, and we're going to document things as we go so it's easy to follow along. As a preview, we're going to be realigning our Bitcoin bounty pool. We've awarded some of these bounties already, and we've still got about a hundred grand in bounties ready for developers to help. We've got a wiki with a bit of initial information here.

You can read about our principles. We want to ship early and often, generate and share revenue in Bitcoin where it's helpful. We're not going to do any crypto "shitcoin" distractions. We're going to build for users. We have a waitlist up, and I just liked a lot of the answers that people provided from the waitlist. They said they want to use AI agents for programming, for trading and financial analysis, keyword research, writing articles—just to get optimized.

We want to build in the direction of enabling all of these users. So, follow along. Join our Discord if you want to talk about any of this.
