SPEAKER_00 (00:10 - 00:44):  hard to believe. We're celebrating one year, one, we're at 130, but we're trying to catch up to handmade here. We're just getting started here. But I wanted to ask our videos for our document
SPEAKER_00 (00:44 - 01:14):  document, okay, not four, but the episodes come. They give chat, argue with me, get up it, their episode. And again, payment, decent episodes, auto dev, keep up
SPEAKER_00 (01:16 - 01:29):  texting it. Okay, so that's all more or less accurate.
SPEAKER_00 (01:29 - 02:38):  But the problem with that is kind of split across the database, our agent, actively name and trace, actually get up code basis, I've been showing lessons. So a lesson of
SPEAKER_00 (02:38 - 03:43):  kind of related. Actually, I had a bunch of problems there was that we have any difficult at time to write it into pretty much the same
SPEAKER_00 (03:43 - 04:40):  problem. Our part or not being the right kind of like lesson just to get a code
SPEAKER_00 (04:41 - 05:20):  or productive. That was okay. We had a few. I have been. But the the real success basically paint not ours. So we've been using our sort of agents, agent interface,
SPEAKER_00 (05:20 - 06:08):  auto div interface and this pro interface slide format. That is now that we have that. Now that we have an idea what thousands of how we can reason out how do we act or other types of things.
SPEAKER_00 (06:08 - 06:45):  Absolutely. I found out now to come up. But you get to that. One of the other lessons was that I had that JavaScript. It's actually doing things simple, getting away. And you know,
SPEAKER_00 (06:46 - 07:19):  part of a bunch of different ways out of JavaScript. And I just came to the database that were productive. And that company, spending a lot of AI tools. A cell, for example,
SPEAKER_00 (07:22 - 07:52):  hours, that and it's it's hard to beat. I've tried to read that and it's got it like like running back in. So like one lesson is just like not being get things in a different way. And I don't know, other stacks. But like it's really
SPEAKER_00 (07:53 - 08:28):  stop being cute about tech just. That kind of gets to like your product before protocol. I my inner. I want to do that. I spiritually want to AI integration that comes out in versatile ads. And then I say,
SPEAKER_00 (08:29 - 08:57):  the practicality. That's just like a principle. So some takeaways are core thesis is in fact, I expressed in the opening video, like, um, he now agree basically with him. All men this was done a day after I dubbed it. Agents. I absolutely agree with that.
SPEAKER_00 (08:58 - 09:17):  This agents are, I believe every person. I'm on the street corner every agent's AI agents with working either half or at.
SPEAKER_00 (09:21 - 09:34):  Agents will be everywhere. Do you want the massive closed source operations? More incentive of every incentive. Get their tendrils around the government.
SPEAKER_00 (09:34 - 10:01):  They're monger about AI safety and the barriers to keep up startups. Like we cannot let that happen. This takes are too high. That's with that love. Interference with evolution. So the general idea that everyone's going to have and also that open better than I feel extremely strengthened and validated that like.
SPEAKER_00 (10:03 - 10:21):  Which of these is in the question. I think that far less of what you've got the election fact that open AI's regulatory efforts and anthropological regulatory efforts are probably going to be less in impact.
SPEAKER_00 (10:21 - 10:43):  Happen with the election here where the whole big tech regulatory AI apparatus kind of. Some extent. I mean. On it's going to get that the core thesis is intact. We're doing the right thing.
SPEAKER_00 (10:43 - 10:54):  We are. I mean, I'll blood and we're we're coming after that unit.
SPEAKER_00 (10:55 - 11:14):  Okay. Other take away incentivize. Interrupt matters. What we had. We had a. Having that process very clearly that of how we build.
SPEAKER_00 (11:17 - 11:30):  Agent substrate is obviously the idea of operating. Probably large. On, but our.
SPEAKER_00 (11:31 - 11:46):  Dition at open agents. And I'm going to touch more on next few important.
SPEAKER_00 (11:49 - 12:01):  But this is actually a pretty good. I would ask. This conversation about I think, hey, should we have this.
SPEAKER_00 (12:01 - 12:16):  Intensive mechanism. Development for just for particular value capture as a way to like lubricate interactions project. Uh, protocols and.
SPEAKER_00 (12:16 - 12:27):  I'm asking. Is this not better for nation issue. Providers.
SPEAKER_00 (12:30 - 12:38):  Standard. I'm doing so like this is stuff that I've been grappling with specifically. As I think that we see.
 (12:38 - 12:39):  The.
SPEAKER_00 (12:39 - 12:58):  Broadstrokes of how that needs to happen with obviously. No, different. Haitian. I'm going to be. Um, some other founder here is out is saying, hey, how can we do this?
SPEAKER_00 (12:58 - 13:10):  Should we think that revenue sharing is better than equity? I'm saying agent barely in real. The as measured by.
SPEAKER_00 (13:10 - 13:21):  And so like we did that piece, but as measured by. What customers. Mainly businesses with a budget pay for. Have one platform called open agents.
SPEAKER_00 (13:21 - 13:32):  To all the distribution of. Buzz have one beautiful amazing reputable brand. And ages.com. Some of these are. All right, like I'll pay open agents. I'll read it and then.
SPEAKER_00 (13:33 - 13:45):  How it gets spent is answered in part by us. A bit of. Bulk of. I want to know agent as.
SPEAKER_00 (13:49 - 14:00):  This configuration of things that. I. Are. It's. Of knowledge or inspiration to have that provided by. Agent developer.
SPEAKER_00 (14:00 - 14:12):  Again. Data or whatever. As it now, a mechanism. And get rewarded. Personal to that. We think that that is. Yet connected it.
SPEAKER_00 (14:12 - 14:25):  revenue stream. Okay, so. And. They hear. No, so you'll see more from us. Two weeks.
SPEAKER_00 (14:25 - 14:36):  We're going to. Out more. In. Eyes in drop. Reaction. Again system. Our. Business dashboard.
SPEAKER_00 (14:40 - 14:51):  In use. Still a lot, a lot, a lot more to do. A lot of stuff. To like. Models were still like, kind of heavily to. Odd for a bunch of stuff.
SPEAKER_00 (14:51 - 15:01):  As the. Better. A lot of that. And. Mama just like to the extent that that is a thing that. For having you.
SPEAKER_00 (15:03 - 15:14):  Kind of like. Happened in. The one thing that I want to say also as a book. I'll actually add this to our takeaway. I do strong.
SPEAKER_00 (15:15 - 15:27):  Agent. Agents is. Building. All of this. And. All of. Best.
SPEAKER_00 (15:29 - 15:43):  Forbiter. Gather. Not old. Feel. We're not inventing the 15. Agent. Like. How do we start seeing. How of how that happens is.
SPEAKER_00 (15:45 - 15:55):  Full agnostic. And how. Entipes of that. How do you incentivize the patients? You pay people. Pay people.
SPEAKER_00 (15:55 - 16:07):  What? Pay the money. What do you not pay them? You don't pay them a fucking shit coin. Some chucky cheese coupon token that someone paid up. You pay them real money. How do you get real money?
SPEAKER_00 (16:07 - 16:18):  Have customer. After everyone needs to pay us in Bitcoin. Pay us in dollars. We'll. That part out. Um, but we think the. Sure of agent. That's.
SPEAKER_00 (16:25 - 16:33):  I think that. So much.
 (16:33 - 16:34):  Uh.
SPEAKER_00 (16:34 - 16:48):  Ancient. Of the kind of standard product. Why should have people separately? Apps or chat apps are all. I do most of my work.
SPEAKER_00 (16:50 - 17:00):  In this interface. And with this now teams integration now, I have two different. People have on the same team. That can have the same chat window open.
SPEAKER_00 (17:01 - 17:13):  They can see the same chats coming in. That's live right now. So kind of invite only for people like hang us and work. If you want to get access to this, just in the end. Well, coming weeks.
SPEAKER_00 (17:13 - 17:25):  But, uh, yeah, we think the future is multiplayer. There's going to be a lot more that can be done with, like, letting people eat agents working. Like, what is the ability to put agents out there working?
SPEAKER_00 (17:25 - 17:36):  Maybe we have. I have a particular search task that I want to. That is of important. They like. Public policy issues.
SPEAKER_00 (17:36 - 17:49):  I hate. So I want to have some agents. Research. And maybe I formulate the question and I like get the Asian setup and you can. But it costs money. There's about that issue. I need some Bitcoin to have going.
SPEAKER_00 (17:49 - 18:01):  Have all of this kind of happened more in public. They are to this point last year. They'll completely missing the. Actual collaboration. Enter collaboration.
SPEAKER_00 (18:02 - 18:08):  I think. I didn't think happy for any questions.
